chore: v1.0.0 beta.103 (#739)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/resources/built-in-decorators.md

    remove-x-internal:
      internalFlagProperty: 'removeit'
```
### filter-in

> Keep nodes that have specific `property` set to the specific `value`. Arrays supported too.
> To compare arrays, you can use `matchStrategy` that can take the values `all` and `any` (`any` by default)  
> If the property is not set on the node it will be keep too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preserves nodes that have specific `property` set to the specific `value` and removes others. Nodes that don't have the `property` defined are not impacted.

This decorator supports array values. To adjust arrays comparison, you can use `matchStrategy` that can take the values `all` and `any` (`any` by default).
```

```yaml
lint:
  decorators:
    filter-in:
      property: x-audience
      value: [Public, Partner]
      matchStrategy: any
```

### filter-out

> Remove nodes that have specific `property` set to the specific `value`.  
> If `value` is array you can use `matchStrategy` to compare values.
> The `matchStrategy` can take the values `all` and `any` (`any` by default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove nodes that have specific `property` set to the specific `value`. Nodes that don't have the `property` defined are not impacted.

This decorator supports array values. To adjust arrays comparison, you can use `matchStrategy` that can take the values `all` and `any` (`any` by default).
```

```yaml
lint:
  decorators:
    filter-out:
      property: x-audience

>       value: [Public, Partner]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      value: Internal
```
